The king and his men
Stole the queen from her bed
And bound her in her bones
Hey
Theseas be ours and by the powers
Where we will. we'll roam
Yo. ho
All hands
Hoist the colors high
Heave ho
Thieves and beggars
Never shall we die
Ahh
Dum. dum. dum
Now some men have died
and some are alive
And others sail on the sea
With the keys to the
cage and the Devil to pay
We lay to Fiddler's Green
Whoa. oh
The bell has been raised
From it's watery grave
Can't you hear it's sepulchral tone
We are a call
Pay heed to the squall and
turn your sails toward home
Yo. ho
All Hands
Hoist the colors high
Hoist the colors. oh
Heave ho
Thieves and beggars
Never shall we die
yo. ho
Yo
Yo ho ho
The king and his men
Stole the queen from her bed
Yo
And bound her in her bones
Oh
Never shall we die
Never die. never die
Yo. ho
Haul  together
Hoist the colors
Heave ho
Thieves and beggars
Never shall
Never. never
Never shall we die
All Hands
Never die
Hoist the colors high
Yo. ho
Yo. ho All Hands
Hoist the colors